net: lib: aws_fota/azure_fota: Use length limits from download client (#11785)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Support for using pre-provisioned X.509 certificates.
    * Support for using DTLS Connection Identifier

* :ref:`lib_aws_fota` library:

>   * Removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated:
```

>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_FOTA_HOSTNAME_MAX_LEN` is replaced by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE`.
>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_FOTA_FILE_PATH_MAX_LEN` is replaced by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_FOTA_HOSTNAME_MAX_LEN` Kconfig option has been replaced by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE` Kconfig option.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_FOTA_FILE_PATH_MAX_LEN` Kconfig option has been replaced by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE` Kconfig option.
```

* :ref:`lib_azure_fota` library:

>   * Removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated:
```

>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_FOTA_HOSTNAME_MAX_LEN` is replaced by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE`.
>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_FOTA_FILE_PATH_MAX_LEN` is replaced by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_FOTA_HOSTNAME_MAX_LEN` Kconfig option has been replaced by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE` Kconfig option.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_FOTA_FILE_PATH_MAX_LEN` Kconfig option has been replaced by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE` Kconfig option.
```

* :ref:`lib_download_client` library:

  * Updated:

>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE` changed default to 255

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE` Kconfig option's default value to ``255``.
```

>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE` changed default to 255

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE` Kconfig option's default value to ``255``.
```
